Reflected aria attributes containing element references (#38678)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/accessibility/aria/reference/attributes/aria-activedescendant/index.md

- ID reference
  - : takes as its value the `id` of the currently focused element.

## Associated interfaces

- {{domxref("Element.ariaActiveDescendantElement")}} and {{domxref("ElementInternals.ariaActiveDescendantElement")}}

>   - : The `ariaActiveDescendantElement` property is part of each element's interface. Its value is an {{domxref("Element")}}s corresponding to the ID value specified in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute (for cases where the ID values references a valid and in-scope element).

Reviewer: typo?

```suggestion
  - : The `ariaActiveDescendantElement` property is part of each element's interface. Its value is an {{domxref("Element")}} corresponding to the ID value specified in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute (for cases where the ID values references a valid and in-scope element).
```

Reviewer 2: I think it would be clearer to have separate `dt/dd` pairs for `Element` and `ElementInternals`. It was for me hard even to recognize that this was a dl: because the dt wraps, it looks like just a couple of paragraphs.

It would be fine for the `ElementInternals` one to say basically, the same but for the `ElementInternals` interface.

> (for cases where the ID values references a valid and in-scope element).

...feels like it's packing a lot of meaning into too few words. I mean: if I don't already know what this means, this isn't enough to understand it.

- ID reference
  - : takes as its value the `id` of the currently focused element.

## Associated interfaces

- {{domxref("Element.ariaActiveDescendantElement")}}
  - : The `ariaActiveDescendantElement` property is part of each element's interface.

>     Its value is an array of instances of subclasses of {{domxref("Element")}} that reflect the `id` references in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute ([with some caveats](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Reflected_attributes#reflected_element_references)).

Reviewer 2: This one I think is not an array.

Author: Doh. Thanks. 

```suggestion
    Its value is an instance of a subclass of {{domxref("Element")}} that reflects the `id` reference in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute ([with some caveats](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Reflected_attributes#reflected_element_references)).
```

- {{domxref("ElementInternals.ariaActiveDescendantElement")}}
  - : The `ariaActiveDescendantElement` property is part of each custom element's interface.

>     Its value is an array of instances of subclasses of {{domxref("Element")}} that reflect the `id` references in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute ([with some caveats](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Reflected_attributes#reflected_element_references)).

Reviewer 2: Same.

Author: ```suggestion
    Its value is an instance of a subclass of {{domxref("Element")}} that reflects the `id` reference in the `aria-activedescendant` attribute ([with some caveats](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Document_Object_Model/Reflected_attributes#reflected_element_references)).
```
